VV: Interpreter modifications

	I have disabled the Lua interpreter's checks for environment
	variables and I have modified the iterpreter so that it can
	find itself in the filesystem. On startup the lulua lua
	interpreter runs the file "init.lua" that is in the same
	directory as the interpreter. This file must exist. It can
	be blank.

	package.base is the path to the lua interpreter's directory.

	To find the location of lua...

	On Linux, I had to call:
	  readlink("/proc/self/exe",exe_path,sizeof(exe_path));

	On MacOS, I had to call:
	  proc_pidpath(getpid(),exe_path,sizeof(exe_path));

	On Windows, there are 2 ways:
	  The first uses <tchar.h> and _pgmptr .
	  _pgmptr is 'depreciated',but it still works.
	  The second way uses <windows.h> and GetModuleFileNameA .

	Somehow python can find itself on the filesystem. Why can't
	Lua? C'mon Lua! Why? I mean, I fixed it, but still, why?

VV: Is the Lulua Lua interpreter for me?

	Probably not. You should probably use love2d. You can use
	the pre-configured modules from Lulua in your love2d
	program though. Might I recommend the 'sqlite'?

	I modified the Lua interpreter because I want to ship
	software to other people/computers. It just makes things
	easier for that. I don't have to depend on their system
	having a lua interpreter already and even if they do have
	one, it won't effect the Lulua Lua interpreter as it is
	designed to be self contained. The user can move the lulua
	directory around their filesystem and it will still work
	because lulua doesn't depend on hard coded paths.

	So, if that is what you want, maybe it is for you.

VV: Lua Numbers

	Lulua uses IEEE 754 double precision floating point numbers.

	The largest ints are over
	9 quadrillion:

		 9007199254740991,  2^53-1
		-9007199254740991, -2^53+1

	If you math beyond these, weird things start to happen:
	  9007199254740992, 9007199254740993 are the same number
	  because one bit of precision has been lost.

	I have defined MAXINT,MININT variables because people
	actually expect such things. C'mon Lua! Why?

VV: Penlight:

	The test suite for penlight fails. First, I know that the
	lulua List type conflicts with the pl.List type. Next,
	the pl.app test fails. I haven't investigated further.
	It may just be a configuration issue. Penlight spews lots
	of stuff into the global namespace by default. I have
	modified penlight and its init.lua to put everything into
	the "penlight" namespace. This is probably not in effect for
	the penlight test scripts, thus one point of breakage.

VV: sdl: simple directmedia layer.

	Cursed, uses Cmake. If it works for you, good. I recommend
	that you use love2d though.

VV: glut: old school openGL programming.

	I was happy to get this working, but it uses Cmake and the
	old gl function based stuff so it is cursed. If it works for
	you, good.

VV: Cursed? What do you mean by that?

	Cursed software works on my computer but not yours or vice
	versa ...

	or it relies on Cmake and it will never work ...
	or it is a bunch of autotools garbage ...
	or it has been "depreciated" ...

	there are other software curses, so beware.

VV: Why Lua5.1?

	It is a good place to stop the upgrade treadmill at.

	Realize that as long as anyone gets paid to make a new Lua
	version, there will be another new version.

